[Music]
so mark it's dumping down in Kutai today
hence were undercover
but yesterday blue skies much firmer on
peace so why are these three our top
choice in the peace performance Calgary
well essentially they all performed
really well but they've all got quite
different characters I mean if I start
with the nordica this is the nordica
Doberman Spitfire Ti it was pretty beefy
and strong very powerful from edge to
edge it really had a lot of high-end
performance this has got a slalom side
cut through the front of the ski and a
giant slalom side cut through the rest
of the ski so it hooks up pretty early
on the tip but then you can fire out
some long powerful turns if you want see
this is a real high-performing piece ski
that will work really well on hard
conditions but because it's got a cap
construction through the tip and through
the tail is still relatively easy to use
lower speeds so it's a great ski so the
Rossignol they've changed it a bit for
next year
so why is the pursuit of 700s so strong
it's skied really well one of the big
changes is how the tip is integrated
through the fronts of the ski so it
gives it a smoother flex and allows it
to engage in the turn really early for
me the pursuit just had lots of energy
felt really strong for medium carve
turns but very easy to use at slower
speeds it was just a great all-rounder
on the piece for all different turn
shapes and it felt like a a big step up
for the last year's pursuit and you
could feel that it had a much smoother
flex through the scheme's it was
fantastic
so with head the super shape a magnum
unchanged from last year why is this
such a great ski it's still a great ski
I mean the name has been with the
straight years now but last year when it
was introduced one of the key factors of
the ski was it used graphene which is
very light material through the whole
length of the ski and that's allowed
head to give it an internal race plate
with us
for me the head has got a very very
strong character one of the key things
of the head is the the shovel fit was
really wide so it engages super early in
the turn so you can really feel the
front of the ski working and it is light
and easy to use very very easy to use
for a piece performance ski but when you
go for bigger around age angles and high
performance it's it still feels
fantastic great ski with a strong
character sponsored by snow and rock
[Music]